Add proper README and update COPYING (#10)
ansible-collections/community.crypto: README.md

> # Foo Collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Crypto Collection
```

Author: LOL, I missed that! I accidentally closed the README before saving, and had to do most of it again, and apparently overlooked this part ;-)

Author: I've changed it to `# Ansible Community Crypto Collection`.

[![Shippable build status](https://api.shippable.com/projects/5e66776ca27f990007073a42/badge?branch=master)](https://app.shippable.com/projects/5e66776ca27f990007073a42)
[![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/ansible-collections/community.crypto)](https://codecov.io/gh/ansible-collections/community.crypto)

Provides modules for [Ansible](https://www.ansible.com/community) for various cryptographic operations.

<!-- Describe the collection and why a user would want to use it. What does the collection do? -->

## Tested with Ansible

> Tested with the currently development version of Ansible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tested with the current development version of Ansible.
```

<!-- List the versions of Ansible the collection has been tested with. Must match what is in galaxy.yml. -->

## External requirements

> The exact requirements for every module is listed in the module documentation. Many modules require a recent enough version of [the Python cryptography library](https://pypi.org/project/cryptography/). See the module documentations for the minimal version supported for each module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exact requirements for every module are listed in the module documentation. 
Most modules require a recent enough version of [the Python cryptography library](https://pypi.org/project/cryptography/). See the module documentations for the minimal version supported for each module.
```
